(dreamy electronic music)
(bright flute music)
(mysterious electronic music)
[Narrator] In the
year 2020 C.E.,
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form
called Digimon.
(triumphant trumpet music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
The mysterious Digimon
that infests the Network
continues to digivolve.
It transforms into
a menacing figure
and overpowers Tai
and the others.
While it goes on a rampage,
a missile is heading straight
for the heart of Tokyo.
At that very moment...
(mysterious music)
(Argomon roaring)
[Omnimon] Tai.
Matt.
Now.
Let's go!
(missile rumbling)
(computer beeping)
Could this be a Digimon?
(Izzy gasping)
(dramatic orchestra music)
(Argomon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(crash)
(Argomon growling)
(intense orchestra music)
(Argomon roaring)
(Argomon growling)
(suspenseful orchestra music)
(crash)
(Argomon growling)
(intense orchestra music)
(upbeat rock music)
(Argomon growling)
(electronic static)
(computer beeping)
(Izzy gasping)
(alarm ringing)
(computer beeping)
[Izzy] Tai!
Matt!
-(Tai gasping)
-Can you hear me?
We copy!
[Izzy] Can you see the
missile's trajectory?
If we can't find
some way to stop it,
it's going to hit right
in the middle of the city!
(Izzy growling)
A black box has been
inserted into the system
and it's locking us out!
I can't find a way to
head off the impact!
(computer beeping)
(Tai gasping)
There's no choice.
We have to blow the missile up.
That's how we stop it.
If you're ready, let's do this.
(dreamy orchestra music)
(Izzy gasping)
-Let's go!
(dreamy orchestra music)
(Izzy gasping)
(missile exploding)
-(citizens gasping)
-(triumphant orchestra music)
(Izzy sighing)
(Izzy gasping)
[Man 1] What's going on?
[Man 2] My phone
stopped working.
(Izzy gasping)
(triumphant orchestra music)
[Woman] Everything went blank!
(Tai growling)
(Tai yelling)
(Matt yelling)
(Izzy gasping)
(Tai gasping)
(car horns honking)
(cellphones ringing)
Is something wrong?
Everything's fine.
Hello, Mom?
Are you okay?
I see.
And Kari?
Well, that's a relief.
All right, you take care.
I'll see you later.
(Tai sighing)
I'm glad you got through.
How's your family?
No problems.
They seem to be fine.
I'm just glad you
picked up my phone
when I disappeared
into the network.
So tell me something.
How is it possible you were able
to return to this reality?
First, we blew the missile up.
Next thing I knew, a
bright light came over us.
And I was on the
station platform again.
How about you?
What was happening over here?
A lot.
Once the missile was redirected,
it exploded so high
up, it saved Tokyo.
The entire city was
spared any major damage,
but when the
explosion took place,
all electronic devices
stopped working for a moment.
I think a phenomenon like an
electromagnetic
pulse was created.
This is how something
like that works.
When an enormous
explosion occurs
in an extremely high place,
devices and data in
the immediate area
are affected on some level.
Normally they would
all be destroyed,
but in this case, the
damages were temporary.
I wonder if some
mysterious power
intervened to bring
you back here.
Hmm.
However, the explanation
could be much more simple.
Maybe the reason you
were able to return
is because the
connection between
this world and the
world of the Network
was severed due
to the phenomenon.
Hmm.
And then there's that
giant white Digimon
you interacted with.
What was that all about?
Everything's a mystery when
it comes to these creatures.
On the plus side,
everyone seems to be safe,
so I'll take that as a win.
[Izzy] I like the way you think.
[Tai] And just to be clear,
Agumon and the others
weren't a dream, right?
[Izzy] Not likely.
Everything that
happened this morning
is locked into my memory.
It doesn't seem
like a dream to me.
So weird.
According to this,
since you came over and
we ran out of the house,
not even a full hour
has gone by yet.
[Izzy] If you're
worrying about them,
I'm sure Agumon, Garurumon,
and Matt are all fine.
Yeah.
Since I came back here,
I imagine Matt
probably went back
to where he's from as well.
Oh!
With everything
that was going on,
I forgot to ask
him where he lives.
[Izzy] Well, you were
focused on saving the world.
What happened today has
to stay just between us.
Agreed.
The truth is, no one
would ever believe us,
even if we swore it happened.
Thank you for
everything today, Izzy.
But I didn't really do anything.
Come on.
You're the one who
looked everything up.
You backed us up, you
supported us the whole time.
The fact is, you saved us.
You are seriously
awesome, my dude.
Thanks.
I'm glad I could be
part of the adventure.
(victorious music)
If we get a chance
in the future,
let's go visit that
world together.
All right.
[Tai] Wait!
[Izzy] Did you forget
something, Tai?
Yeah, I just remembered.
Didn't you originally
wanna talk to me
about that camp we're
both going to soon?
[Izzy] Oh yeah.
[Tai] Well, we can talk
about monsters instead.
-(Izzy giggling)
-(Tai giggling)
[Tai's Mom] We're home!
Oh boy, what a
crazy day this was!
I got a call from
your dad earlier.
His office was having all
kinds of computer trouble, too.
Well, I'd better
get dinner going.
Hey, Kari.
This morning was
messed up, huh?
Were you scared?
Yeah.
A little.
You're pretty brave.
So were you.
Thank you for helping.
Huh?
(Kari giggling)
Oh, Tai, I forgot to ask.
Did you finish packing for camp?
(Tai gasping)
I forgot all about that!
[Matt] So, was everything
okay over there?
[T.K.] Yeah.
I stayed inside all day
today, so I was fine.
[Matt] Glad to hear it.
That's great.
You sound good.
[T.K.] I am good.
Hey.
You know it's summer
break right now.
So, can we see each other soon?
[Matt] Absolutely.
I'll come visit next
time I'm in Tokyo.
(waves crashing)
(bright music)
(Joe growling)
You kids are clueless!
You're not cutting the
vegetables properly,
not even close!
I'll show you how an
artist handles a knife!
People have short memories.
I mean, look around.
No one's even talking about
that cyber attack anymore.
And when they do talk,
their facts are all wrong.
Like that missile, for instance.
"It was launched in error
by the United States
and quickly shot down by
their own defensive weapons."
That's the latest story
circulating online
and it isn't even remotely true.
No kidding.
Where in the world did they
even get that information?
We're the ones who blew it up.
I like to uncover
the real stories.
They're more
interesting than the
ones they put on the news.
My friend, you're
full of surprises.
(Joe yelling)
[Joe] I cut my finger off!
Somebody call an ambulance!
-(Izzy yelling)
-I got ya!
(Sora giggling)
Hey, Sora.
That was perfect timing.
Here ya go.
Thanks so much for saving it.
Wait a minute.
You're Sora Takenouchi, right?
Yeah.
I sure am.
Do you know me?
Almost.
The girls in my class talk
about you nearly every day.
They say you're the coolest
girl in the whole school!
This is Koshiro
Izumi, my new bud.
But please, just call me Izzy.
(Sora giggling)
All right. It's nice
to meet you, Izzy.
[Female Camp Member]
Come on, Sora!
Coming!
Guess I'll see you around.
-See ya!
-Right!
I knew she was the
same age as you,
but I didn't know
you two were friends.
Oh yeah, we go back a long way,
practically since birth.
Since our last adventure,
I've been trying to figure
out exactly what Digimon are.
One theory I read
about online says that
when artificial
intelligence develops,
it can evolve into a life form.
You think Agumon
and the rest of them
are artificial intelligence?
I'm not really sure.
It's one of those
mysterious questions
that needs to be answered.
There's something
else I think is
more important than that.
Why was the missile
specifically targeted at Tokyo?
There are no theories
posted online.
People have given up
trying to figure it out.
Well, I have one idea.
Maybe we got in the
way of their plans,
and in order to get rid of us,
they were willing to
blow up the whole city.
[Izzy] That's certainly
a possibility,
but it doesn't answer the
most important question:
What was their original goal?
(engine revving)
Since the Digimon
seem to be both
aware of and able to
interfere with our world,
I'm sure further
incidents of disruption
will occur in the near future.
I'm positive we haven't
seen the last of them.
[Tai] Yeah.
I don't think it's over either.
(electronic beeping)
(citizens gasping)
[Woman] What's happening?
[News Anchor]
Power outages have been
reported once again
and are beginning to
spread throughout several
areas of the city.
According to sources,
the origin of this
latest disruption
to the grid was
found to be a failure
in the power supply network.
The major utilities
are trying to
isolate the cause of
this latest error,
but have not
released any updates.
There are growing
concerns about the
security and stability
of the network itself.
No one in a position
of authority...
[Tai] First, the
electronics went haywire
and now we have power outages.
(cellphone chiming)
I don't know how, but I still
have a cellphone signal.
(phone ringing)
Here's what I've done.
I made a projection.
I took the specs from the
last power outage and this one
and simulated what will
happen going forward.
If the disruption continues
to grow at this pace,
in approximately 72 hours,
the city will experience
a complete blackout.
I'm not talking about
just traffic signals
and street lights.
The entire city will
cease to function.
There won't be any exceptions,
including the district
we both live in.
(Tai sighing)
(Tai gasping)
What the heck?
Tai, are you seeing this?
My communicator's coming on.
[Izzy] Mine too!
It's lighting up
for the first time
since you came back.
[Tai] Where are you now?
[Izzy] The bench in
front of the station.
[Tai] I'll be right there.
Big brother?
Are you leaving?
Kari, I want you to stay
with mom inside the house.
Just for now, okay?
Got that?
Yeah.
Bye, big bro.
(intense orchestra music)
[Tai Voiceover]
Is it you, Agumon?
You calling for me?
(intense orchestra music)
Hold on!
I'm coming to help!
We're the only ones who can
stop another attack, right?
So let's do it, the two of us!
(suspenseful orchestra music)
(Tai sighing)
[Tai] This is so
different from last time.
Where am I?
Hi, Tai.
(Tai gasping)
(waves crashing)
[Tai] Agumon.
(water splashing)
(heavy footsteps)
[Agumon] Look around.
This is where the Digimon live.
You're back in
the Digital World.
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
(intense orchestra music)
[Narrator] With Tai and
the others in danger,
Sora's Digivice lights up.
[Tai Voiceover] Next time on
"Digimon Adventure
2020: Birdramon Soars!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.